hi everyone welcome back to another
episode it's Mel hero from Roy
nourishment today I'm going to have a
bit of a blog style for you I'm just
waiting for my beautiful friend Benny to
come and pick me up so we can go for a
cycle because I haven't cycled in over
two months and I'm finally ready to get
over it I'm a little bit apprehensive
because around my area I live on a road
that is 80 kilometers it's 80 km/h I
don't know what that is in miles per
hour so for all my Americans out there
and it's very windy and it's very hilly
and there's actually no section to ride
your bike on so literally be riding on
the road which kind of scares me so
that's kind of why I'm really really
excited to go for a ride with my friend
Ben I hope you enjoy today's video and
here we go
I am at this beautiful location enjoying
mother nature
today I am literally in paradise this is
near my house I'm kind of trying to
explore around my area and I took a turn
off below the river came across this
kind of swampland kind of thing behind
me and then look at the Sun it's
absolutely incredible so I have some
good news for you I have just finished
my certificate and plant-based nutrition
offered by eCornell from dr. T Colin
Campbell